Marc's Notes on hos moode setup and customisations

CUSTOMISATIONS:

VOLUME CONTROL:
This is not very responsive and gets stuck in an "adjusting" mode.  I
want it to be more responsive like the elapsed time/track position knob
is.

There seems to be a problem with the responsiveness of the volume
control setting utilities (amixer) and also some serialisation/locking
issues with the sqllite database.

Proposed solution:
1) create a volume control daemon that is highly responsive.  Use this
instead of the database for queries, and have this manage the database.
This will queue up requests to set the volume, concatenating them as
necessary in order to reduce the number of actual volume change
operations.  (eg the quick succession of commands: set vol 3, set vol 5,
set vol 7, set vol 9 would probably become set vol 3, set vol 9).  The
database will only be updated once the queue is empty.

2) Modify the volume knob to have two parts: a disk (like the track
position knob, but narrower) showing the current known volume, and a
slash (as it is now) showing the desired setting.  The disk will
"catch-up" with the slash as the volume change actually happens.  If a
volume change happens by some other channel, (such as IR remote), the
setting would move to reflect reality.  The controller must therefore be
able to differentiate between settings requested by the web page, and
those that happen independently.  We will figure that out as we go.

3) Make the volume control handling fully asynchronous







OTHER TODO ITEMS:
Move the Mute button
Improve cover art fetching (rune seems to do it better)
Get USB sound capture to work
Look into extra colours for volume control for when it gets loud (eg
green goes to yellow, to red as the setting increases)




SETUP STUFF:

NFS MOUNT PARAMS
Altered default nfs mount parameters (in advanced options) to use nfs v4
in an attempt to reduce dropouts (which I hypothesize are due to
inadequate readahead).  I have not yet set the readahead explicitly but
the read and write sizes now seem to be greater.
